I know what some of you are probably thinking Ok smart guy.
You just show us how to use inline CSX assess and then spend the next five minutes trashing it.
So what is the better option.
Well we have the internal yes.
So first of all let me get rid of these style attribute.
I'm not going to need right now and let's say there's going to be having one and just for kicks.
Let's add a few more let's say that I'm gonna have three helo worlds with having one and then I was
just gonna have one lonely one day heading to you know how do we add the internal CSF.
Well we're going to have to head over to the head tags and again that is important.
Please don't place them somewhere else and then expect them to work.
And then within the head tags we would need to create another tag.
Now that tag would be the style tag.
So again we're gonna create two sets of tags the starting one and the closing one and then we write
our CSF within these tax.
Now how that would work.
Again we're going to start with the selector and again please don't hang up right now on the syntax.
We're going to cover it literally in a few videos.
Well let's say I want to start with all the heading ones.
So I'm going to say all the heading ones are gonna have some kind of style.
Now again like I said I was gonna go with color because that is just gonna be the easier one and let's
just go with blue.
So my color is gonna be blue as well as I would like to add font size.
And again let's go with something like three areas.
So I noticed something else.
Now I don't have to jump back and forth with my email and add for every kind of style and that way all
of my heading ones have been styled right.
With literally like what one two three and four lines of code and I can add whatever styles I would
like oh here and all my heading ones are gonna be style if I have one heading to I can just say having
two and then let's say again we're going to use color.
Color is gonna be red and not red Olive but actually red.
And let's add font size to be really small.
Uh.
That would be a don't no zero point five volumes something like this.
So now my heading to is gonna be very small.
We have color red.
And if I'm gonna have more heading choose the same thing is gonna happen to them.
And again you can see how much more powerful this is already because we don't have to first of all clog
up outrageously amount.
So I didn't need to add anything here.
I can clearly see what kind of structure I have as well as the all the changes we're making are gonna
be instantly added to all of them.
Now let's say I'm gonna change my mind I'm going to say you know what I don't like the color blue so
let's say we're going to go with chocolate.
So instantly all my heading ones are going to get this done.
So internal says is way way more powerful than jumping throughout the actual components that we have.
I'm sorry not components.
The elements that we have an HMO and adding them the inline styles.